README (aka WTF is this?!?!)
============================

All of these confs were compiled by Clayton Parker, aka claytron. Most
of the confs have comments describing why/what is happening.

Get the latest from [github](http://github.com/claytron/dotfiles)

Caveats
-------

I would strongly urge you not to use my confs directly.  I am very
picky about things, and this would certainly drive you crazy.

Another item of note is that I use vi editing mode in every place that
will allow me to.  This is set in the .inputrc and .zshrc.  This would
likely throw most people off as they are used to the emacs mode.  The
only issue I've run into with the vi mode is when you move from the end
of the line in insert mode.  When you try and go back to the end you can't
without going to command mode and using `a` to add to the line.

A little history
----------------

To start off, here is a little background.  Here in lies years of
craziness all compiled into one nice little folder.  I've been using
the command line since 2003 when I was given a job as a systems
administrator.  I started on ZSH and have been using it ever since.
Recently I decided to compile a set of confs that could be used with
either ZSH or Bash (since most machines have at least bash).

Contents
--------

Here is a list of all the files and a brief explanation of what they do.


`.ackrc`
>    Setup some new types for ack.  Add to existing types (mainly Plone)

`.bash_profile`
>    Bash shell login code

`.bashrc`
>    Bash interactive shell setup

`.commonenv`
>    Common environment settings between Bash and ZSH

`.commonfuncs`
>    Common functions used between Bash and ZSH

`.commonprofile`
>    Common login code for Bash and ZSH.  This includes code to `svn up` on
>    each login so that the profile settings stay up-to-date

`.commonrc`
>    Common interactive shell setup for Bash and ZSH. This contains all my 
>    aliases
   
`.inputrc`
>    Readline configuration.  Sets up all my command lines with vi :)

`.pystartup`
>    Interactive Python interpreter startup code.  I use it to initialize 
>    rlcompleter2 or readline with tab completion.

`.screenrc`
>    Settings for screen

`.tmux.conf`
>    Settings for tmux

`.vimrc`
>    VIM settings

`.vim`
>    All my plugins and other misc. vim stuff

`.vimperatorrc`
>    Vimperator settings for the Firefox plugin

`.vimperator`
>    Plugins for Vimperator

`.zprofile`
>    ZSH shell login code

`.zshenv`
>    ZSH environment setup.  This includes an awesome PATH setup routine :)

`.zshprompt`
>    My default ZSH prompt.  It's a modified version of [Phil's Prompt](http://aperiodic.net/phil/prompt)

`.zshprompt_simple`
>    A simple version of my prompt that will work when the enhanced
>    characters are not available

`.zshrc`
>    ZSH interactive shell code

`config`
>    My default .subversion/config setup.  I wish I could set these defaults
>    on the server :(

`create_links.sh`
>    A shell script that aids in setting up these conf files on every server.
>    It contains an array of all the conf files that need to be symlinked.  It
>    will give you some feed back as to what it's linked and what was 'in the way'.

Usage in the wild
-----------------

Here is how I typically set up my shell on a new system.  This is assuming
subversion is available.  You could do something similar with git, but I 
haven't messed with that yet.

    $ svn co https://repo/path/to/dotfiles/trunk .dotfiles
    $ .dotfiles/create_links.sh
    linking .screenrc
    linking .vimrc
    linking .zshenv
    linking .zshprompt
    linking .zshprompt_simple
    linking .zshrc
    linking .inputrc
    linking .bash_profile
    linking .bashrc
    linking .commonrc
    linking .commonenv
    linking .commonprofile
    Remove /home/clayton/.subversion/config so that it can be linked
    linking .pystartup

Notice that it says the .subversion/config is in the way.  So let's fix that.

    $ rm .subversion/config
    $ .dotfiles/create_links.sh
    linking config

Now we are all set.  Next time we log in the confs will be updated so that any
new changes are added.

    $ ssh some-machine
    
    dotfiles updated:
    U .dotfiles/.bashrc
    At revision 10712.
    
    $ qs

Since `qs` is an alias for `.dotfiles/create_links.sh` the latest confs are in
place.

If you ever want to remove all the symlinks you can use the `create_links.sh`
script by passing it the `remove` argument

    $ .dotfiles/create_links.sh unlink
    Unlinked /home/clayton/.screenrc
    Unlinked /home/clayton/.vimrc
    Unlinked /home/clayton/.zshenv
    Unlinked /home/clayton/.zshprompt
    Unlinked /home/clayton/.zshprompt_simple
    Unlinked /home/clayton/.zshrc
    Unlinked /home/clayton/.inputrc
    Unlinked /home/clayton/.bash_profile
    Unlinked /home/clayton/.bashrc
    Unlinked /home/clayton/.commonrc
    Unlinked /home/clayton/.commonenv
    Unlinked /home/clayton/.commonprofile
    Unlinked /home/clayton/.commonfuncs
    Unlinked /home/clayton/.subversion/config
    Unlinked /home/clayton/.pystartup

In addition to the `remove` argument there is `cleanup`. This will not only remove all the symlinks, but it will also remove all the other items created by the script. This can be slightly dangerous since that includes **everything**, including unversioned files.
